# Blockchain Events Listener
The purpose of this software is to allow the capture of the events generated by the smart contracts execution. Specifically the events captured by this program are described in the smart contracts repository.

# How to use
This section will illustrate the usage of this software.

## Smart Contracts deployment
Before using the software it is necessary to compile and deploy the smart contracts on the blockchain using the Truffle suite. So the `truffle-config.json` file must be filled with the correct parameters. In particular:
- Provide a private key that will be used to sign the transactions;
- Provide the correct blockchain endpoint URL;
- Insert the address corresponding to the private key used before;
- Provide the correct value of `gasPrice`;
- Provide the maximum amount of gas that will be used for the contracts deploy transactions to be mined;
- Insert the correct network id for the blockchain in use.

## Start the database
Before starting the software be sure that the database url is correct and that the db is running. The database configuration can be found in `src/config/database.ts`

## Install the required dependencies
Run
``` bash
$ npm install
```
to install all the dependencies required to run this software.

## Build the sources
### Prerequisites
In order to build the sources it is necessary to install the Typescript compiler. More information on how to install Typescript can be found [here](https://www.typescriptlang.org/#download-links).

### Build
To build the sources run the following command inside the root folder of this repo:
``` bash
$ tsc
```
## Start the Listener
Run
``` bash
$ npm start
```
to start the listener and let it begin to capture blockchain events.

# License

This software is released under MIT License. 

© 2020 - University of Turin Computer Science Department
